---
layout: blank
title: "Version 1.0.1"
isHidden: false
---
## [1.0.1] -- 2024-03-07

### Added
 - Root directory and files generated by `jekyll build ./`
 - Font awesome resources.
 - Social media & menu settings
 - Social media icon rendering for each account
 - Text for the purpose of the site.
 - A .gitignore file to leave out of the repo the cache files for jekyll building script as well as any residual files from the test builds of the site.
 - A limit of the 5 most recent posts to the home page.
 - Added the ability to have unlisted posts&times;.
 - Added a changelog section in the site in /changelog/ that can also be seen in the menu up top.
 - Added blank layout where user is to style it in their own way.

### Changed
 - The way that social media accounts would get added to list
 - The way that menu buttons get added to list (currently using a for loop).
 - The use of decription for metadata responce.
 - Where the RSS feed button is placed from body to navigation menu next to the changelog menu button.
 - Split the main part of the website to 2 columns to have in one the content from index.md and in the second one to have the profile picture of the site's owner.

### Removed
 - The 'About me' page due to not having a use for now.

### Fixed
 - CSS Issues where some objects would not get centered correctly and would drift to the left.

&times;Hidden post will not be able to be seen in the recent posts in the home page nor in the RSS feed as they are hidden. Plans to creating diffrent levels of hidden are not on the table unless there is a specific need for it. Although silent post will be added soon which will be public but will not be shown in the feed.