---
title: "Version 2.0.2"
layout: 'layouts/post.njk'
date: "2024-12-04"
---

## [2.0.2] - 2024-12-04

### This site is now open source

### Added

* Two new eleventy configs for production and dev enviroment.
* The dev output now is in the .gitignore file.
* All versions will now be shown in the projects's post.
* Ability to run this site as a subpage in GitHub pages too.
* Pagination has been set up to work on almost all of the site.
* New RSS feed.
* New funxtion that updates the copyright date automatically.
* New layout for posts.
* New filter for times in the post layout.
* Added post reading time to the posts.
* Added a back button on the post layout.
* Added shortcode.js, Plugins.js and Filters.js module.

### Changed

* In the backend the scripts have been updated.
* Liinks now are processed correctly and split in url and baseurl.
* CSS is now again back to SCSS and needs to be compiled before launch dev or prod env.
* Renamed all the config files with more appropriate names.
* Renamed all the modules with more appropriate names.
* Merged addWatchTarger and passthroughTarget modules.
* Moved the collections.js file to modules.
* Renamed the collections.js file to PostProcessing.js.
* SCSS has been split into sub-files covering the diffrent components of the site.

### Fixed

* The urls are now correctly set up.
* All navigation items are centered vertically in the header.

### Removed

* The dotenv package from the ackend sine there is no use for it.
* Removed the Versions page from the header navigation.
* The layout of thm.liquid for better pagination backend experience.
* The unused module dotenv from configuration files.